NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[♪♪♪]
[BEN READING ONSCREEN TEXT]
Ah, what a lovely morning
for a bit of wand practice.
[TINKLING]
But, Nanny Plum,
I was going to play with Ben.
Princess Holly, there's a time
for playing with elves,
and a time
for wand practice.
[TINKLING]
Please, Nanny.
I promise to practice later.
Hm. Very well,
but come in when I--
Thanks, nanny. Bye.
[♪♪♪]
Oh. Where's Ben?
Ben?
Oh, well. I suppose
I could do some wand practice
while I wait.
Now, wand,
what shall we do today?
[TINKLING]
Yes.
Let's make a pretty hat.
[TINKLING]
Abraca zat
A pretty hat
Oh. It's not very pretty.
And it's too big.
Bye-bye, silly hat.
[♪♪♪]
BEN:
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
I'm practicing my magic.
Do you want to see?
[TINKLING]
Uh, okay.
Stand very still.
I'll make you a new hat.
Abraca zat
Magic Ben a hat
Oh.
[BEN GRUNTING]
Ben? Are you in there?
Oh! It's empty.
I've turned Ben into a hat.
[BEN GRUNTING]
Gosh!
What a big hat!
Uh, it's Ben.
I accidentally turned him
into a hat.
Princess Holly!
That's exactly why you need
to practice your magic more.
I was practicing.
But it all
went a bit wrong.
I expect you waved your wand
all over the place.
[TINKLING]
I tried waving it right,
but this wand is no good.
[TINKLES]
Now, now, a good fairy
never blames her wand.
Yes, Nanny Plum.
I've a good mind
to leave Ben as a hat,
just to teach you
a lesson.
[BEN GRUNTING]
Please turn Ben back, Nanny.
I don't think he likes
being a hat.
[BEN GRUNTING]
Oh, very well.
Watch and learn.
Ding dong den
Hat to Ben
What happened?
Uh, things went
a bit wrong.
But Nanny Plum
came to the rescue.
Thank you,
Nanny Plum.
You're welcome,
Ben.
Now, Holly, next time,
shake the wand gently.
Yes, Nanny.
Sorry, Ben.
Were you scared?
I'm an elf.
Elves are never scared.
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
Good. In that case,
can I try again?
Um, maybe later.
See you.
Bye, Ben.
Heh-heh-heh.
[TINKLES]
[♪♪♪]
[NANNY PLUM SCATTING]
[CONTINUES SCATTING]
[HOLLY GIGGLING]
Princess Holly.
What have you forgotten?
Uh...
Your wand. Where is it?
Oh.
I don't seem to have it.
You haven't lost it,
have you?
[♪♪♪]
Oh! I know.
I left it in the meadow.
[♪♪♪]
[TINKLING]
[CHIRPING]
I'm sure
I left my wand here.
It's gone!
[SOBBING]
Hi, Holly.
[SOBS]
Hi, Ben.
What's wrong?
I've lost my wand.
I can't do magic anymore.
Maybe that's a good thing.
Heh, heh.
It's not funny.
I'm never
going to find my wand
and I'll be sad forever.
[SOBBING]
Cheer up, Holly.
I will find your wand.
How?
Elves are very good
at finding things,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
Heh, heh.
Thanks, Ben
But if I find your wand,
you must promise not to
turn me into a hat again.
I promise.
But, Ben, how are you
going to find my wand?
I've got a simple plan.
Oh, goody. Heh.
First, try to remember
where you left your wand.
In your bedroom perhaps,
or in--
There.
Oh.
That's where I left it.
Ah.
What's the next bit
of your plan?
Um...
That was the plan.
[GROANS]
I knew I'd never find it.
[GASTON BARKS]
Oh, look.
It's Gaston the Ladybird.
Maybe he can help.
Hi, Gaston.
[BARKING]
Can you help us find
Holly's wand?
It was here,
and now it's not.
[BARKS]
[SNIFFING]
BEN:
Gaston's good
at smelling things.
He'll find your wand
in no time.
Clever Gaston.
[♪♪♪]
[BARKS]
Oh.
Why has Gaston stopped?
He's looking up
into the sky.
So that's where
your wand has gone.
How?
Um...
Can your wand fly?
My wand is magic,
but I don't think it can fly.
Well,
it's up there somewhere.
If only it could talk to us
and tell us where it is...
That's easy.
It can't talk,
but it can make
a sort of tinkly sound.
Great! Could
you call to it?
Okay.
Wand? Oh, Wand?
[WHISTLES]
[TINKLING]
That's my wand.
It's coming
from up there.
It's a jackdaw.
HOLLY:
And it's got my wand.
BEN:
Jackdaws like shiny things.
HOLLY:
It's very high up,
and I'm not allowed
to fly high.
No problem.
I'll climb up.
[♪♪♪]
Be careful, Ben!
Don't worry, Holly. Elves are
very good at climbing,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[TINKLING]
Nice birdie.
Can we have our wand back,
please?
[CHIRPS]
Phew! That was lucky
[TINKLING]
Wow, Ben.
Tricking the jackdaw
to open its mouth.
I would never have
thought of that.
Uh, yes.
Elves are very good
at that sort of thing.
[GIGGLES]
[SQUAWKING]
We should go
before the jackdaw works out
what to do next.
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Giddyap, Gaston!
Giddyap! Giddyap!
[♪♪♪]
Nanny! Ben found my wand.
That's very nice,
but you really shouldn't have
lost it in the first place.
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Now, Ben, I understand
we have you to thank
for finding Holly's wand?
[CHUCKLES]
It was nothing, really.
I think a reward
is in order.
I hear you want
a new magic hat.
Um...
Yes.
It can be my thank you to Ben.
No, please, don't bother.
Stay very still, Ben.
And, Holly,
wave the wand gently.
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Abraca zat
Magic Ben a hat
Wow! It worked.
It's all down
to wand control.
[TINKLING]
Ha, ha.
And it's a nice cowboy hat.
Ben,
thanks for finding my wand.
Sorry I didn't believe
your plan would work.
And I'm sorry I didn't trust
your magic hat spell.
Oh, no!
The magic hat
has turned Ben blue.
How do I look?
Um, I think your old hat
suits you better.
Me too.
Abraca zobbedy
Aah!
It's good to have
my old hat back again.
And it's nice
to have you back, wand.
I will never
lose you again.
[TINKLING]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[♪♪♪]
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Nanny Plum!
Where's breakfast?
So sorry, Your Majesty,
but the elves
haven't delivered the food yet.
A boiled egg is all I want,
Nanny.
Can't you just magic one?
I could magic an egg,
of course.
[TINKLING]
But real farm eggs
taste much better.
I don't care. I'm hungry,
and I would like an egg now.
Very well,
Your Majesty.
Abracadabra
Uh...
Boiled eggy
[KING & HOLLY GRUNTING]
Smelly.
That's disgusting!
What is it?
It's a dragon's egg.
Well, get rid of it.
[TINKLES]
I could magic a real chicken
to lay an egg for you?
No, don't.
I think I'll wait
for the elf farm delivery.
It might take some time,
Your Majesty.
I am not leaving this table
until I've had my egg.
As you wish, Your Majesty.
[ELF TRUCK HORN HONKING]
Nanny, they're here.
[GIGGLES]
[ELF TRUCK HORN HONKING]
[♪♪♪]
Hi, Ben!
Hi, Holly!
Food delivery!
What kept you, Mr. Elf?
King Thistle is waiting
for his breakfast!
Sorry, Nanny Plum!
We dropped a carrot
on the way,
and had to go back
to pick it up!
Okay! Let's get this food
into the castle!
Carrots, tomato,
small lettuce!
Oh!
Where's the egg?
Oh! The egg.
That's the one thing
we need!
The King wants an egg!
We'll go straight back
to the elf farm and get one.
Holly, do you want
to come with us?
Yes, please!
Nanny,
can I go to the elf farm?
Okay, Holly.
You can make sure
we get a good egg.
[GIGGLING]
[RATTLING]
[♪♪♪]
[BUZZING]
What's that
buzzing noise?
I hope it's
not the engine.
It's Gaston
the Ladybird!
Gaston!
We're going
to the elf farm.
Do you want
to come along?
[BARKS]
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
Hello, Princess Holly.
Welcome to the elf farm.
[HOLLY GIGGLING]
You must wear this hard hat.
What for?
In case something falls
on your head.
Ooh!
This way to the carrots.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
This is the carrot field.
BEN & HOLLY:
Ooh.
Stand clear!
Carrot coming up!
ALL:
Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
[SQUEAKING]
Wow!
Oh, hello, Princess Holly.
Hello, Mrs. Elf.
[CHUCKLES]
This way.
Bye-bye.
HOLLY & BEN
Bye!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[♪♪♪]
This is the lettuce patch.
BEN & HOLLY
Ooh.
Clear the area!
ELF 1:
ELF 2:
Clear the area!
Why have you got
an umbrella?
We are going to make it
rain.
With magic?
You don't need magic
if you have a big watering can.
HOLLY:
Wow!
Push ho! Push ho!
HOLLY:
That's amazing.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
If you think that's amazing,
wait until you see
the tomato plants.
Ooh!
[♪♪♪]
These are the tomato plants.
Wow!
I'm afraid we have
tomato bugs.
WISE OLD ELF:
Oh, dear.
Tomato bugs
like to eat the tomato plants.
Go away! Shoo! Shoo!
Shoo! Shoo!
Oh, they keep coming back.
Yes. If only we could
find a way to get rid of them.
[BARKING]
[BUZZING]
[MUNCHING]
Gaston's scared them away.
Of course.
Ladybirds like to eat
tomato bugs.
Clever Gaston.
You should be our chief
pest controller.
[BARKS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Now we can harvest a tomato.
Carry on!
Right-o!
[♪♪♪]
Tomato!
[BLOWING HORN]
That looks dangerous.
It is. That's why
we wear these hard hats.
But there's another job
that's really dangerous.
Ooh! What's that?
Can I see?
It can be
quite scary.
I'm not afraid.
It is possibly the most
dangerous job in the world,
for an elf.
What is it?
WISE OLD ELF:
Collecting eggs.
What's so dangerous
about collecting eggs?
WISE OLD ELF:
Chickens.
[THUDDING]
[CLUCKING]
Wow! They're big,
aren't they?
Yes. That's why we have
this high fence.
And why it's very important
to lock this gate.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Ooh, exciting.
Wait, Princess Holly.
[CREAKS]
[CHICKENS CLUCKING]
HOLLY:
These chickens don't look
dangerous.
It's collecting eggs
that's dangerous.
How do you collect an egg?
An elf must run very quickly
to the egg,
pick it up
and run away with it
as quick as they can
What happens
if they're not quick enough?
WISE OLD ELF:
They get sat on.
[CLUCKING]
HOLLY:
Oh, dear.
Now you see
how important it is
that the gate is locked
at all times.
[CLUCKING]
A chicken's escaped!
Aah! Catch that chicken!
[CLUCKING]
[SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
A chicken's escaped!
Ho! Ho!
Catch that chicken!
Quick, to the elf truck.
Follow that chicken!
[♪♪♪]
[CLUCKING]
[ELF SCREAMS]
Oh, we've stopped.
Oh, no! The clockwork
has wound down.
Quick, Holly,
let's wind it up.
[RATTLING]
[CLUCKING]
[♪♪♪]
Oh. Hello.
Will somebody give me an egg?
Now!
[CHICKEN CLUCKING]
Goodness me.
Nanny Plum!
I told you
not to magic a chicken!
That's not my chicken!
[CLUCKING]
Nanny,
can you speak chicken?
Yes, Your Majesty.
[CLUCKING]
So, what did it say?
Mrs. Chicken said:
[CLUCKING]
Oh.
[♪♪♪]
Look! There's our chicken!
Careful, Nanny Plum,
that is a dangerous animal.
Don't be silly.
It's just a chicken.
[CLUCKING]
The chicken's laid an egg.
ALL:
Hooray!
Hm, yes.
A much better service
than the elf truck.
Eh? What?
Nanny Plum,
could you ask Mrs. Chicken
to deliver an egg
for breakfast tomorrow?
Certainly, Your Majesty.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[CLUCKING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]